#labels Phase-Deploy,Phase-Requirements,A-Chat
= Introduction =

Instructions on how to use A-Chat.


= Details =

== System Requirement ==

|| *Platform* || *Minimum Version* || *Access to Features* ||
|| Android || 2.1 || A-Chat(Android), Basic ||
|| Chrome OS(Cr-48) || 1.0 || A-Chat(Chrome), Basic ||
|| Chrome || 4 || A-Chat(Chrome), Basic ||
|| Other Browser || Any || Basic ||


== How to use ==

==== Android + Chrome ====
 # Download and install A-Chat(Android) client from Android Market.[https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androme.achat Link]
 # Get A-Chat(Chrome) client from Web Store. [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kfhddchcbfladdbnjcbfefmdamoghnmn Link]
 # Launch A-Chat(Android) on Android device.
       * Connection to Wi-Fi network required.
       * If success, screen will show server IP address and port number (e.g. 192.168.1.3:8080).
 # Open A-Chat(Chrome) in Chrome browser, and input server information get from previous step. If screen shows "ANDROID: Connection established with server...", grats, you are all set. 
 # Start chatting between two devices.

==== Android + Browser ====
 # Launch A-Chat(Android) and note down IP address and port number on screen.
 # Type that address in browser address bar.
 
==== About Change Address/Port ====
If the connection cannot be established because of address mismatch or port number conflict, follow the instructions below:
 * If Android client shows "SYSTEM: Starting server ...", it means there is no problem on Android side. So you only need to change the setting on Chrome. Click "Change Server IP/Port" button on A-Chat(Chrome), and enter the correct server information.
 * If Android client did not show that information, try use another port. Click "Change Port" on android and input new port number -> get new server information -> Cilck "Change Server IP/Port" and input -> Check whether new port works.